this is nikki mcnett here with former
Memphis running back DeAngelo Williams
how are the Panthers oh they're great
big right you know we're getting some
contract issues uh smooth over as far as
our peppers and everybody else goes but
you know we were doing okay have you
talked to any of the former the Memphis
coaches about this season no I actually
i have but i'm gonna say i haven't
because i don't want to get the inside
scoop that I have but I I think they're
gonna have a really solid season I think
that everybody's gonna be great we got a
lot of players that didn't play last
year that's going to play this year this
would contribute to the team so I'm very
excited about this season and hopefully
I get down and catch a couple games what
do you think about the new coach uh
basketball yes um I'm a basketball fan
don't get me wrong but I mean my my
blood is with the football team you know
I like the new coach a great guy I
usually go to different various news
stations and stuff to keep up with the
Tigers because we don't get that in a
North Carolina but I think we're going
to be pretty strong we got a lot we got
strong supporting cast coming back and
only lost a couple players on all the
stuff that's going on in the media I
think we'll beat those charges so you
know Tiger fans just hold your horses
everything's gonna be okay your football
guy how are you gonna pull off this game
um you know I I feel like I've been
practicing I've been working on my
jumper I've been working on my labs
because uh you know my history has shown
that I had made as many lives as I
should have so I've been working on my
layups I've been working on my free
throws I think I'm doing pretty good i
pick overall my game is changed and I
think I've elevated it from the last
time I play because I think I shot like
two or three air balls i'll hit the rim
this time what are you doing uh I'm
pretty much doing about just kind of
hanging out I don't get a chance to come
back to Memphis much because when I do I
tend to stay longer than I shouldn't
don't want to go back to North Carolina
so that's one of the reasons why I
hadn't been able to come back much but
you know i miss you guys and now this is
war me live when i'm done playing
football so you know this is what I
pretty much been doing
daddy here you Twitter or Facebook no
Twitter Facebook MySpace I don't do any
of that so all those people that send me
like friend request and stuff like that
on earth that's not me i don't i don't
know how to do any of that i'm still
working on my Twitter and skills I can
barely text but I got it though what's
on your iPod currently my ipod I got the
carter three I got a little bit of Kid
Rock I got a little bit of a hank
williams jr you know I got a variety but
it's just funny bro i'm serious i got
thrown 50 I got a little bit of uh got a
little bit of everything nor vana I got
a little bit of everything I you know I
like the like my ipod to be diversified